Edits to getting started running on public clouds quickstarts (#208)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: basics/getting-started/public-cloud-examples/gcp-quickstart.md

---
description: >-
  This quick start guide helps you get started running Pinot on Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
---

# Running on GCP

> In this quick start guide you will set up a Kubernetes Cluster on [Google Kubernetes Engine(GKE)](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this quickstart guide, you will set up a Kubernetes Cluster on [Google Kubernetes Engine(GKE)](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine)
```

```

{% hint style="info" %}

> This Quickstart provides helm supports for helm v3.0.0 and v2.12.1. Please pick the script based on your helm version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Quickstart provides helm supports for helm v3.0.0 and v2.12.1. Choose the script based on your helm version.
```

{% endhint %}

### **1.3 Install Google Cloud SDK**

> Follow this link ([https://cloud.google.com/sdk/install](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/install)) to install Google Cloud SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Google Cloud SDK, see [Install the gcloud CLI](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install).
```

## 3. (Optional) Create a Kubernetes cluster(GKE) in Google Cloud

This script will create a 3 node cluster named **pinot-quickstart** in **us-west1-b** with **n1-standard-2** machines for demo purposes.

> Modify the parameters in this example command with your gcloud details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the parameters in the following example command with your gcloud details:
```

  --project=${GCLOUD_PROJECT}
```

> Use this command do monitor cluster status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to monitor cluster status:
```

## **4. Connect to an existing cluster**

> Run this command to get the credential for the cluster **pinot-quickstart** that you just created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to get the credential for the cluster **pinot-quickstart** that you just created:
```

gcloud container clusters get-credentials ${GCLOUD_CLUSTER} --zone ${GCLOUD_ZONE} --project ${GCLOUD_PROJECT}
```

> To verify the connection, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify the connection, run the following:
```
